hello I'm Nathalie I'm a fashion
designer I have my own company miss
Nathalie be calm I'm here today we start
sewing to show how to pin your pattern
pieces together this is your front panel
piece which we cut along the sense of
center fold these you two back pieces
need to take your back panel where your
knot is there place anti-pattern where
you're not along the side seam joining
up to them to not just and pin along the
side
you also need to pin your census scene
lining up your notches and I'm just
gonna start from this notch all the way
to the bottom to leave room for is it
you also need to pin the shoulders
together
like so and then you ready to sell